Schema spec update for debian release and example (#69)
ossf/osv-schema: docs/schema.md

The defined ecosystems are:

| Ecosystem | Description  |
| --------- |-----------------|
| `Go` | The Go ecosystem; the `name` field is a Go module path.  |
| `npm` | The NPM ecosystem; the `name` field is an NPM package name.  |
| `OSS-Fuzz` | For reports from the OSS-Fuzz project that have no more appropriate ecosystem; the `name` field is the name assigned by the OSS-Fuzz project, as recorded in the submitted fuzzing configuration.  |
| `PyPI` | the Python PyPI ecosystem; the `name` field is a [normalized](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0503/#normalized-names) PyPI package name.  |
| `RubyGems` | The RubyGems ecosystem; the `name` field is a gem name.  |
| `crates.io` | The crates.io ecosystem for Rust; the `name` field is a crate name.  |
| `Packagist` | The PHP package manager ecosystem; the `name` is a package name.  |
| `Maven` | The Maven Java package ecosystem. The `name` field is a Maven package name.  |
| `NuGet` | The NuGet package ecosystem. The `name` field is a NuGet package name.  |
| `Linux` | The Linux kernel. The only supported `name` is `Kernel`. |

> | `Debian` | The Debian package ecosystem; the `name` is the name of the package. The ecosystem string might optionally have a `:<RELEASE>` suffix, with `<RELEASE>` being the release number specified in the [distro info csv](https://debian.pages.debian.net/distro-info-data/debian.csv)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Debian` | The Debian package ecosystem; the `name` is the name of the source package. The ecosystem string might optionally have a `:<RELEASE>` suffix to scope the package to a particular Debian release. `<RELEASE>` is a numeric version specified in the [Debian distro-info-data](https://debian.pages.debian.net/distro-info-data/debian.csv). For example, the ecosystem string "Debian:7" refers to the Debian 7 (wheezy) release.  |
```

}
```

## Debian vulnerability

> Debian security advisory (DSA) does not use this format currently, but using the tool located in `/tools/debian/`, 

Reviewer: nit: instead of specifying `/tools/debian`, link to a permalink (i.e. with commit hash) for the directory.

> the DSA is converted into the OSV format. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the DSA can be converted into the OSV format. 
```
